#What Is Condition:Black ?

Condition Black  is  the  place  in a  fight  or combat where you cease to  exist. It  is  in this  condition  that all cognitive operations  cease  to  register. There is no thinking, no decision-making, no internal dialogue, no reasoning, no regard for safety and importantly, no fear. There  is  no  before. There  is  no  after. There  is  only  now.  
  
  
  
This  is  the  state  of  existence  described  by the Samurai Warrior as, complete disregard for the self.  
  
  
  
##  What  does  Condition:Black  do?  
  
As cybersecurity attacks and real-world  (physical)  outcomes become intertwined the  consequences  to  life,  liberty, and  free  trade will be  affected  in the blink of an  eye. Most organizations are not ready for a world where systems make decisions in nanoseconds, and analysts are overwhelmed with telemetry and hindered by policy. We believe there is a better way. We also believe that cyber "samurai" are forged through experience and opportunity. We are building the next generation of cyber samurai and developing the tools to fight tomorrows fights.  
  
  
  
  
  
You've  seen  the hype about Cybersecurity  using  A.I., Blockchain, or the  latest  Machine Learning. You've been pitched on the latest and greatest "fix-all" products. You've expended  budget  on the "élite" cybersecurity service providers who have  knocked  down your  door  to  sell  you  their  latest  outsourced offerings for  years. We know you need a change of pace. You want innovation, not renovations. We believe we can help.  
  
  
  
We  know  the  field  can  be  a  crowded  place  full  of "talk" and  noise. We are the signal buried in the noise, chaos and overwhelming volume of information that you are dealing with. We  are capable, motivated, and equipped to address real-world cybersecurity challenges and  threats, in the board room or on the  battlefield. We bring our own tools, a vetted and trusted team of seasoned professionals, and we get the job done. If you are looking for a vendor agnostic, trusted advisor who will give you practical, actionable intelligence, guidance, and advice, along with services tailored to your organizations' objectives and needs, you've found the right team. 

Reach out to us today. 

We speak your language.